README.md, before:

elementary Firefox
==================

Integrate Firefox into [elementary Luna OS][4]

![elementary Firefox window][window]

##Install
###Release
Instructions can be found and stable versions of the theme can be installed from [Firefox Addons][1]

###Development
Instructions for tertary requirements can be found on the [Firefox Addons][1] page.

1. Clone this repo
2. Make sure your _profile_ folder in `~/mozilla/firefox/` is either called `default` or follows the pattern `#####.default`
3. Run the _test-theme.sh_ to:
  * package the theme into an xpi
  * copy the addon into your firefox addon folder
4. Enable the theme in Firefox

##Credits
* [elementary][4] team for UI design, icons and the elementary project

[window]: https://addons.cdn.mozilla.net/img/uploads/previews/full/88/88616.png "elementary Firefox"
[1]: https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/elementary-firefox/               "elementary Firefox on Addons for Firefox"
[2]: http://zeeeeee.deviantart.com/                                             "zeeeeee's Deviantart profile"
[3]: http://fav.me/d5lpcyw                                                      "elementary Firefox on Deviantart"
[4]: elementaryos.org                                                           "elementary.org"

Commit message:

Updated readme with retirement notice.

README.md, after:

elementary Firefox - Retired
==================

_**Notice:**_ This theme is retired. It will not receive any future updates from the maintainers.

If you would like to adopt this project, please message @zeeeeee or one of the maintainers.

---

Integrate Firefox into [elementary Luna OS][4]

![elementary Firefox window][window]

## Install
### Release
Instructions can be found and stable versions of the theme can be installed from [Firefox Addons][1]

### Development
Instructions for tertary requirements can be found on the [Firefox Addons][1] page.

1. Clone this repo
2. Make sure your _profile_ folder in `~/mozilla/firefox/` is either called `default` or follows the pattern `#####.default`
3. Run the _test-theme.sh_ to:
  * package the theme into an xpi
  * copy the addon into your firefox addon folder
4. Enable the theme in Firefox

## Credits
* [elementary][4] team for UI design, icons and the elementary project

[window]: https://addons.cdn.mozilla.net/img/uploads/previews/full/88/88616.png "elementary Firefox"
[1]: https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/elementary-firefox/               "elementary Firefox on Addons for Firefox"
[2]: http://zeeeeee.deviantart.com/                                             "zeeeeee's Deviantart profile"
[3]: http://fav.me/d5lpcyw                                                      "elementary Firefox on Deviantart"
[4]: elementaryos.org                                                           "elementary.org"
